`ShouldSendMessage` decider (#344)
ava-labs/awm-relayer: proto/README.md

Protobuf linting and generation for this project is managed by
[buf](https://github.com/bufbuild/buf).

> Please find installation instructions on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please find installation instructions at
```

[https://docs.buf.build/installation/](https://docs.buf.build/installation/).

> Any changes made to proto definition can be updated by running

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When changes are made to the proto definition, the generated source code can be updated by running
```
